{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for making it this far. I hope this code provides value to you \'96\'a0by all means have at it. \
\
Now, I wrote the whole backend on Python using the excellent Flask. Beyond that, it uses Twilio to send texts and Wordnik to generate random words. Both of them are easy to replace in the code, but they are also very easy to integrate and are very good services. To use each, you will need freely-obtainable API keys and replace them where appropriate within my code. This includes:\
\
#A randomly generated secret key, which allows Flask to securely sign data stored in the session \'96\'a0replace 'SECRET_KEY' in code\
#a Twilio SID \'96\'a0replace 'TWILIO_SID' in code\
#a Twilio authentication token \'96 replace 'TWILIO_TOKEN' in code \
#a Wordnik API key \'96 labeled 'WORDNIK_API_KEY' within the Wordnik URL.\
#and a number from Twilio to send from that matches your account \'96 replace 'TWILIO_SEND_NUMBER' in the message creation line.\
\
All of the python code is in txt.py. I have tried to leave comments throughout without being overwhelming and all of the formatting has been tested. If you have any questions, the Github repo is at http://github.com/zchr/phonein and the Stackoverflow community has proved incredibly helpful with Flask.\
\
Per Flask's directory organization, the folder 'templates' houses all of the html files. Flask lets you display python variables directly within the html \'96 as well as write 'if' statements and the like. The css file \'96\'a0I kept it simple and linked all of the html files to one stylesheet \'96\'a0is within the 'static' folder. \
\
I am not looking for attribution. I wrote this for practice and for the sake of executing an idea of mine. I am happy to have gotten it this far, and I hope that the code inspires others to create alternate solutions to the password problem. Best of luck and enjoy.\
\
Zach, @zsch \
}